My initial thoughts on the TimeCalulator project off the bat not good.
I will start off by stating the bad things I found in the HTML file. Another issue I seen was in the HTML 
file, the correct structure of an HTML file was not implemented. It was missing quite a few important
tags. It was missing the Doctype tag that is supposed to be at the beginning of every HTML to give 
instructions to the web browser how to handle and load properly. Second it was missing the HTML tag 
which is supposed to follow the Doctype. It is a best practice to include this tag, it allows the whole 
document to be manipulated by JavaScript and styled by CSS if needed. Third it was missing a HEAD 
element used to hold important information that allows site to be search engine friendly. I also included 
the link to external CSS and scripts in the HEAD. I set the scripts to load asynchronously. Fourth, the 
HTML doc did not include any indentation to make code more readable. 

Good things that I seen was that the elements had good names and attributes were set well for the 
input tags. 

The bad practices I seen in the JavaScript. There were no comments at all outlining what anything did. 
This made it harder to determine what the application was doing. Comments allow for other people to 
read code easier. Also, after editing this through Visual Studio Code I found there was a warning in line 
25 regarding a moment object. All that was needed was a explicit format. In lines 13-15 there were no 
semicolons to end statements.

Good tings in the JavaScript file were that the code did work out the box. 

Overall, in the begging when executing the app, it was not user friendly. I did not know that the main 
function of the app was to find the difference in time from a selected date to a current date. It took me 
a little to figure that out. The application should be as explicit as possible, so users know how to use it 
off the bat. Also some styling and bootstrap could be added to present the app better and deploy app 
on different devices.